Restructure migrate how-to to fit new template (#1094)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/migrate-data/same-db.md

a more descriptive name.

## Migrate data
Migrate your data into TimescaleDB from within the same database.

<procedure>

## Migrating data
1.  Create a new table based on your existing table. You can create your indexes
    at the same time, so you don't have to recreate them manually. Or you can
    create the table without indexes, which makes data migration faster.

    <terminal>
    
    <tab label="With indexes">

    ```bash
    CREATE TABLE new_table (
        LIKE old_table INCLUDING DEFAULTS INCLUDING CONSTRAINTS INCLUDING INDEXES
    );
    ```

    </tab>
    
    <tab label="Without indexes">

    ```bash
    CREATE TABLE new_table (
        LIKE old_table INCLUDING DEFAULTS INCLUDING CONSTRAINTS EXCLUDING INDEXES
    );
    ```

    </tab>

    </terminal>

1.  Convert the new table to a hypertable using the
    [`create_hypertable`][create_hypertable] function. Replace `ts` with the
    name of the column that holds time values in your table.
    ```sql
    SELECT create_hypertable('new_table', 'ts');
    ```
1.  Insert data from the old table to the new table.
    ```sql
    INSERT INTO new_table
      SELECT * FROM old_table;
    ```

> 1.  If you created your new table without indexes in Step 1, recreate your
>     indexes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  If you created your new table without indexes, recreate your indexes now.
```

Does this need a command?
